---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pgvecto-rs-cloud_cluster Resource - pgvecto-rs-cloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Cluster resource. This resource allows you to create a new PGVecto.rs cluster.
---

# pgvecto-rs-cloud_cluster (Resource)

Cluster resource. This resource allows you to create a new PGVecto.rs cluster.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Default Account Identifier for the PGVecto.rs cloud
- `cluster_name` (String) The name of the cluster to be created. It is a string of no more than 32 characters.
- `cluster_provider` (String) The cloud provider of the cluster instance. At present, only aws is supported.
- `database_name` (String) The name of the database.
- `image` (String) The image of the cluster instance. You can specify the tag of the image, please select limited tags in https://cloud.pgvecto.rs/api/v1/images
- `plan` (String) The plan tier of the PGVecto.rs Cloud service. Available options are Starter and Enterprise.
- `region` (String) The region of the cluster instance.Available options are us-east-1,eu-west-1
- `server_resource` (String) The server resource of the cluster instance. Available aws-t3-xlarge-4c-16g, aws-m7i-large-2c-8g, aws-r7i-large-2c-16g,aws-r7i-xlarge-4c-32g,aws-i4i-xlarge-4c-32g

### Optional

- `backup_id` (String) The backup id to restore from
- `enable_pooler` (Boolean) Enable pgpooler
- `enable_restore` (Boolean) Enable restore from backup or target cluster(PITR)
- `pg_data_disk_size` (String) The size of the PGData disk in GB, please insert between 1 and 16384.
- `target_cluster_id` (String) The target cluster id to restore from
- `target_time` (String) The target time to restore from cluster
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `connect_endpoint` (String) The psql connection endpoint of the cluster.
- `first_recoverability_point` (String) The first recoverability point of the cluster
- `id` (String) Cluster identifier
- `last_archived_wal_time` (String) The last archived WAL time of the cluster
- `last_updated` (String)
- `status` (String) The current status of the cluster. Possible values are Initializing, Ready, NotReady, Deleted, Upgrading, Suspended, Resuming.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) Timeout defaults to 5 mins. Accepts a string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `update` (String) Timeout defaults to 5 mins. Accepts a string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
